docs: add notes for Suspense on SSR and React v18 in SWR v2 (#334)
vercel/swr-site: pages/docs/suspense.en-US.mdx

# Suspense

<Callout emoji="🚨" type="error">

>   React still <strong>doesn't recommend</strong> using Suspense in data frameworks like SWR (<a href="https://reactjs.org/blog/2022/03/29/react-v18.html#suspense-in-data-frameworks" target="_blank" rel="noopener">More information</a>). This API may change in the future as the result of our research.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  React still <strong>doesn't recommend</strong> using `Suspense` in data frameworks like SWR (<a href="https://reactjs.org/blog/2022/03/29/react-v18.html#suspense-in-data-frameworks" target="_blank" rel="noopener">More information</a>). These APIs may change in the future as the results of our research.
```

```

If you want to read more technical details about this restriction, check [the discussion here](https://github.com/vercel/swr/pull/357#issuecomment-627089889).

> ### Note: With Server-side Rendering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Server-Side Rendering
```
